c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\WebAPIPractice2.dll.config
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\WebAPIPractice2.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\WebAPIPractice2.pdb
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\obj\Debug\WebAPIPractice2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\obj\Debug\WebAPIPractice2.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\obj\Debug\WebAPIPractice2.pdb
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\users\cyg_server\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebAPIPractice2\WebAPIPractice2\bin\WebAPIPractice2.XML
